Yurou, what's the situation on your side now?
How can I help you?
That Witt turned out to be buckwheat
He lost weight successfully
What is this bitch
Uh-huh.
Buckwheat, wait, does Mr. Lu call that woman?
Is that Mrs. Lu?
And so forth.
Ah, you are the aunt, right?
I heard about this buckwheat thing.
Although the down is wrong.
But it is also for the good of the Lu family
Although this buckwheat has successfully lost weight and lost weight
But I can't get pregnant anymore
This Lu family can't be without a future
What nonsense are you talking about?
I'm not talking nonsense.
This buckwheat is now a hen that doesn't lay eggs
He will make the Lu family last
I'm doing this for Mr. Lu's own good.
Do you think of me as Wu Chengyu's mother?
I'll tell you what.
Buckwheat is my biological daughter
You bullies who fear the soft and the hard
Bullying my daughter like this
I have to peel off a layer of your skin
No sorry
I didn't mean to.
I got the wrong person.
Let me go
I'm going back to the Chamber of Commerce
I want to explain to Tang Yu